July blog post: "CABs don't work" (#310)
OctopusDeploy/blog: blog/2020-07/change-advisory-boards-dont-work/index.md

In the name of quality, many organizations have a Change Advisory Board or Change Approval Board (CAB) who review changes before they are executed against production. They are sometimes set up to comply with some regulation, such as the 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act (SOX), and/or to enforce “separation of duties”. Other times CABs are introduced following a series of deployment failures in an effort to improve reliability.

> The idea is to provide additional scrutiny to catch mistakes, poor code, and fraudulent changes. It’s a noble goal but, unfortunately, CABs mostly do more harm than good.

Reviewer: Just making suggestions to see how the text looks with additional context:
```suggestion
The idea is to provide additional scrutiny to catch mistakes, such as poor code or fraudulent changes. It’s a noble goal but, unfortunately, CABs mostly do more harm than good.
```

Author: I'm not sure this is right either. Fraudulent changes are not necessarily a mistake. That's the whole point of separation of duties. I'm saying there are three main reasons, (mistakes | badly written code | fraud) each distinct, and the CAB may be set up in response to any one, two or all three of them.

I still do not understand this desire to remove "and/or", which I think is the accurate way to explain this. However, if you really want to cut it out, how about the following:

Author: "The idea is to provide additional scrutiny, often in an effort to catch mistakes, poor code or fraudulent changes."

I think this is accurate enough and it avoids "and/or". For the record, even in this sentence I feel and/or would be more accurate, but with the "often" qualifier earlier in the sentence I think it's now vague enough not to be innacurate.

Reviewer: I've added your suggested sentence. I think that is an improvement.

## An ideal code review process

> Having code reviewed by a knowledgeable expert is undoubtedly an excellent way to simultaneously improve quality and avoid knowledge hoarding. It can also be a great way to promote mentoring, personal development, and collaboration with people who have different skills or experience (e.g. DBAs, InfoSec, etc). Code reviews are a wonderful thing and this blog post should not be interpreted as a criticism of this valuable practice.

Reviewer: For this one, I think the "and" is appropriate, in that ideally, the process promotes all three things (it might not achieve all three, but that's a separate issue, I think).

Author: OK, in this case I think you are right. :-)

You might want to consider embracing the most risk-averse people and those who understand the major risks best. Get them on-side by asking them to help you to design automated ways to flag up potential issues within your automated test framework or deployment pipeline. The people who best understand the risks often make excellent allies.

> Pay special attention to any form filling or ticketing systems associated with the CAB. These are often poorly designed and either don’t give the user the opportunity to provide all the necessary information or they introduce an intolerable overhead for even simple and low-risk changes. When this happens the process will inevitably break down and no-one wins.

Reviewer: Just another suggestions:
```suggestion
Pay special attention to any form filling or ticketing systems associated with the CAB. These are often poorly designed and often don’t give the user the opportunity to provide all the necessary information and they introduce an intolerable overhead for even simple and low-risk changes. When this happens the process will inevitably break down and no-one wins.
```

Author: I can live with your first suggestion. I concede that it does flow more nicely than my original "and/or" version and I think the meaning is clear enough in this instance:

"Pay special attention to any form filling or ticketing systems associated with the CAB. These are often poorly designed and either don’t give the user the opportunity to provide all the necessary information or they introduce an intolerable overhead for even simple and low-risk changes. When this happens the process will inevitably break down and no-one wins."

I don't like your second suggestion because it uses the word "often" too ( ... ahem) often within a single sentence. ;-P

Reviewer: Yep. That double often sounds clunky.

Reviewer: I'll resolve this without any further changes.
